Our choice for the demo or the thing you're going to work
with is actually the Python because it's closer to
the set of skills that we have here in
the engineering nano degree and we are going to use a Python AWS SDK,
it's also known as boto3.
For this to work,
we will actually have to create an IAM user,
you can call it whatever you like,
and we're calling that user dwhadmin,
and we will give that admin privileges.
So, it's going to have the same privileges as if you are in
your full power EC2 Console or Amazon console in general.
I would advise you after examples and
exercises here to actually just not give it admin privileges,
just give it enough privileges for the thing that you
want for the simplicity of explanation here.
It would be easier for us to actually give it admin privileges.
Why do we do that?
Because this admin user will have an associated access
token and secret that we are going to use to build the cluster,
and we're actually going to show you how to get
the access token and secrets and hopefully,
that would be the one and only click-and-fill part,
and after that, we do everything in code.
So, you go and find the IAM services and choose users.
Once you go into users here or for example,
we're starting from a fresh account,
so there are no users,
so we add the user and we call it dwhadmin.
The most important thing here is to access this programmatic access.
Once we do that,
we have to go and say attach existing policies directly,
and we're giving administrator access.
We click next, we're going to have an tags and we create that user.
Once the user is created,
it's going to tell you success,
it was created, and you're going to see here an access key and a secret key.
You have to copy those with you.
You can also say show and once this one is shown, actually here,
we're hiding it to give you the idea that
this secret key and access key should be hidden.
They should never, never, never,
ever be committed in Git or shared publicly because effectively,
you're giving away the access to your whole Amazon account if that got compromised.